In this iteration, a process is made up for each directory which will contain several HTML files.  Then  that process will generate two other processes. One process  will read the all html files isolate the body parts of  the  each  HTML  file  and  remove  all  HTML  tags  and  escapes.  The resultant phrases in the each HTML file are merged. The merged output is a standard output and it send  to  a file descriptor  through  “dup2”.  Then the output is returned to the first process through unnamed pipeline.

Then the resultant output of the above mentioned process is send to a  file descriptor  and the  file  descriptor  send  through the unnamed pipeline  to  the  3rd process  which  will  calculate  the  frequencies  of  the words using the code  implemented  in the  iteration  1.  The  received  file descriptor convert to the  standard input using  “dup2”. Then the output of this process is standard output and again it send to a file descriptor as mentioned  above. Then  it will again send to the 1st process through the unnamed pipeline.

After that the output from the  1 st process  will be send to another process  using unnamed pipe  which  connected  to  another two processes,again using unnamed pipe. One of those two is a global hash table and the other one is creating a SVG file.

As the same procedure followed above, other directories also give output to the first process.  Then  the process containing the hash table will print the details in the hash table  as standard output and  it send  to a  file  descriptor  through  “dup2”. Then  the  output  is  returned  to  the process which mentioned above.  After  that the output of the  global hash table is send to  another file descriptor. And  that file descriptor  sends  to the  process  which  have  the  ability  to  create  the SVG  file.  Inside  that process file descriptor convert to standard input using “dup2”. From the output of this process we can get SVG file.
